In order to write maintainable and readable programs, it is important to have a clear goal and path to accomplish it in mind. In my experience, sharing code and working in various areas of software development, the biggest catalyst for "spaghetti code" is not having a plan and goal. Developers will begin working on something, then get so sidetracked in their own codebase that only a full recode could improve the code's status. They write their code with no clear path, so that even updating one feature requires touching many different components. When working on the CRUD module, having the methods predetermined helped me structure my code in a way that made it great. Any developer could update and improve it without spending hours trying to understand what each function does. The module itself can be adapted to work with any project that needs to include MongoDB functionality.

As a computer scientist, I approach problems very methodically. Most programs are very complex, and rushing in to hack together a solution never lasts. It will always cause you more heartache in the future when you have to scrap your previous work and start over with even more work. Of course, approaching problems slowly and carefully is time-consuming and not always the most fun. It is definitely more enjoyable to just write code and hope you are getting close to the solution. This system helped me create a dashboard that met all of the requirements without wasting time redoing old code.

Computer scientists are responsible for pushing forward the world of computer-based technology. These scientists can focus on areas like cryptology and encryption, unlocking new possibilities for tools like browsers. Without computer scientists, we would never have computers as we know them today. Sure, computer engineers could have built computers, but we would probably still be using terminals to interact with them. Computer scientists push the limits of what computers can do in all areas. These advancements allow companies to improve the quality of their work, employee efficiency, customer experience, and much more.
